Thiet ke DB cho UD QLST
Ngay: 23/09/2024
Review

===== Data Tables =====
1.	TaiKhoan(
id: int - pk,
maTaiKhoan: string – notNull,
tenTaiKhoan: string - notNull,
matKhau: string - notNull,
role: bit - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull,
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


2.	NhaCungCap(
id: int – pk,
maNhaCungCap: string - notNull,
tenNhaCungCap: string - notNull,
soDienThoai: string - notNull,
diaChi: string - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull,
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


3.	LoaiHang(
id: int – pk,
maLoaiHang: string - notNull,
tenLoaiHang: string - notNull, 
is_deleted: bit - notNull,
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)



4.	SanPham(
id: int – pk,
maSanPham: string - notNull, 
tenSanPham: string - notNull,
donViTinh: string - notNull, 
donGia: float - notNull,
ngaySanXuat: date - notNull,
hanSuDung: date - notNull,
anhSanPham: varbinary - notNull,
idNhomHang: int – fk - notNull, 
idNhaCungCap: int – fk - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull,
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


5.	KhachHang(
id: int – pk,
maKhachHang: string - notNull, 
tenKhachHang: string - notNull,
soDienThoai: string - notNull, 
diaChi: string - notNull,
diemTichLuy: float - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


6.	LoaiNhanVien(
id: int – pk,
maLoaiNhanVien: string - notNull,
tenLoaiNhanVien: string - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)



7.	NhanVien(
id:int – pk,
maNhanVien: string - notNull,
tenNhanVien: string - notNull,
soDienThoai: string - notNull, 
diaChi: string - notNull, 
laoDong: string – notNull, (Fulltime/Parttime)
idLoaiNhanVien: int – fk - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


8.	KhoHang(
id: int - pk,
idSanPham: int – fk - notNull,
soLuong: int - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)



9.	PhieuNhap(
id: int – pk,
maPhieuNhap: string - notNull,
idNhanVien: int – fk - notNull,
ngayNhap: date - notNull, 
thanhTien: float - notNull, (ko co don gia, so luong sao ra thanhTien?)
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)



10. ChiTietPhieuNhap(
id: int – pk,
maChiTietPhieuNhap: string - notNull,
soLuong: int - notNull,
donGia: float - notNull,
idPhieuNhap: int – fk - notNull, 
idSanPham: int – fk - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)



11. KhuyenMai(
id int,
maKhuyenMai: string - notNull,
tenKhuyenMai: string - notNull,
giaTri: float - notNull,
dieuKien: float – notNull, 
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


12. HoaDon(
id:int – pk,
maHoaDon: string - notNull,
ngayLapHD: date - notNull, 
gioLapHD: timestamp - notNull, 
tongTien: float – notNull,
thanhTien: float – notNull,
idKhachHang: int – fk - notNull,
idNhanVien: int – fk - notNull,
idKhuyenMai: int – fk - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


13. ChiTietHoaDon(
id: int – pk,
maChiTietHoaDon: string - notNull,
soLuong: int - notNull, 
idHoaDon: int – fk - notNull,
idSanPham: int – fk - notNull, 
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


14. CaLam(
id:int – pk,
maCaLam: string - notNull,
tenCaLam: string - notNull,
gioBatDau: string - notNull,
gioKetThuc: string - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


15. LichLam(
id: int – pk,
maLichLam: string - notNull,
ngayLam: date - notNull, 
idNhanVien: int – fk - notNull,
idCaLam: int – fk - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


16. BangLuong(
id: int – pk,
maBangLuong: string - notNull, 
ngayLanhLuong: date – notNull,
tongGioLam: float - notNull,
luong: float - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


17. ChiTietBangLuong(
id: int – pk,
maChiTietLuong: string - notNull,
ngay: date - notNull, (ngay gi???)
soGioLamThucTe: float - notNull, 
idNhanVien: int – fk - notNull,
idBangLuong: int – fk – notNull,
idLichLam: int – fk – notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)


18. Log(
id: int - notNull,
log_name: string - notNull,
model: string - notNull, 
model_id: int - notNull,
data_olds: string - notNull, 
data_news: string - notNull,
is_deleted: bit - notNull, 
created_by: int – notNull,
created_at: timetamp - notNull,
updated_by: int – notNull,
updated_at: timetamp - notNull)

====== The End ======
